one morning have you been watching
Oprah's neck networker cable network own
oh my god you're in a lot of trouble
Oprah has a whole channel now it's 24
hours a day although comically the only
show that is not on the oprah channel is
Oprah which is still on in syndication
but her presence is felt in every show
they program you know it could be it's
hard to fill a whole channel with
quality stuff but I think in this case
they've got to show that promises to do
just that from the producers of the
Gayle King show dr. Phil Oprah behind
the scenes ask oprah's All Stars and
addicted to food comes a show that
brings you closer to Oprah than ever
before Fred Willard counts Oprah shoes
12,000 498 for those are special 12,000
for 12,000 10 cuthbert oh I told you the
number of these ah Fred Willard counts
focus years lol
Oh